{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red205\green205\blue205;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c84070;\csgray\c0\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14280\viewh10300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Hi Team!\
\
It\'92s come to my attention that several of us either lost access to the printer, or they never gained access. So I made an applet to fix or install the printer new. Built into the applet is a function to delete existing printers. You\'92ll want to do this if your connection to the printer no longer works (most common case.) \
\
This is my first project of this kind so I used it as an exercise in making an automated terminal app. So, if you get any errors, please feel free to Slack me the errors (screenshots and/or descriptions) so I can troubleshoot and fix it @corydavis.\
\
This has only been tested on the Chicago MacBooks. It works both on and off network.\

\f1\b \
To install/ fix printing in the Chicago Office, please follow these instructions:
\f0\b0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Download \'93MS_Printer_Install.zip\'94 
\f2\i [hyperlink the word download to \'93https://github.com/CJGlitter/MS-Print_Install/raw/master/Download_Package/MS_Printer_Install.zip\'94]
\f0\i0 \
{\listtext	2.	}Extract \'93MS_Printer_Install.zip\'94\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	a.	}usually you can just click it in the bottom of the Chrome window\
{\listtext	b.	}No need to open the extracted folder\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3.	}Open the Terminal app. To do so via Spotlight Search:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	a.	}command+Space\
{\listtext	b.	}Type "terminal"\
{\listtext	c.	}Open Terminal.app by double clicking it beneath the search bar\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	4.	}Paste the following in the terminal and hit enter:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	a.	}
\f3\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 chmod u+x ~/Downloads/MS_Printer_Install/bin/MS_Printer_Setup
\f0\fs36 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	5.	}Paste the following in the terminal and hit enter.  After that, just follow along in the terminal! (When asked for a password, use your SSO password and note that it will not show asterisks as you type)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	a.	}
\f3\fs28 \cb3 ~/Downloads/MS_Printer_Install/bin/MS_Printer_Setup\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 \cf0 \cb4 {\listtext	6.	}Follow the instructions in the terminal and type \'93y\'94 or n\'94 when requested.
\f3\fs28 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs36 {\listtext	7.	}It\'92s all set.  The applet should automatically clean itself from your Downloads folder on its own.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 (Please note that these instructions only work if you haven't changed your download directory. For most of us, this won't be an issue.)\
\
\
If anyone\'92s interested in seeing how the sausage was made, feel free to check it out on my GitHub. (\cb4 https://github.com/CJGlitter/MS-Print_Install)}